who was good enough like one
so on the other hand we were played with
a team that is a little bit
we ahead of the number of workouts
they already have the qualifying game of the Champions League
didn't play a very good team on
my players are purely physically you
seen very very decent we today
gave much more play
almost all players but on
today is like starting
roster some whole game maximum
played
some 70 minutes more
got playing time is we
Planned like this and so very
good brain idle talked on such an episode
turned out in the middle of the first half when
there was a penalty there order right punch
fought and leonardo and maxims went
team first wrong next
since we will specifically assign a player
which the
will beat altogether here perfectly
misunderstood leonardo he didn't
had to fit a sword and because
previous or bill maxim he scored
and don't bother him he already took the sword
bluetouch punching whining was my mistake
later they did not nominate the player i wanted
see how they figure it out and
see who is more confident at 17
meter but if one person takes it
the other should not fit and that is
football law football rules and
pull the gap so short it was
between two games and which ones are not
changes may be noticed although it is unlikely
probably could be replaced
change big first played better
it is better
Veroli already more intense game was
than previous not bad in my opinion
coped in defense except here
of this episode which is of course random
the ball flew between your legs through filming
who asked us a goal so than
positive such mood
iraq i liked my dedication
its movement mac I like